README.md, before:

# Doctor's Diary

Doctor's Diary is a CLI data automation program designed to run on a mock terminal in Heroku. The program is aimed at helping a small medical practice manage and keep track of patient appointments.

## Purpose

The purpose of this program is to make appointment booking and record tracking easier and faster for the user. It provides the ability to input data that has been validated and retrieve specific data upon request. It is intended to enable the user to easily create, delete and view specific records. 

This program is developed to demonstrate competency in python programming and is purely for educational purposes.

## User Experience

### Project Goals

As the site owner, I want the program to:
* provide information on how to use it.
* be easy to navigate.
* provide feedback or a response to the user when they perform a task or action.
* provide the user with the ability to perform tasks relative to the program's purpose.

### User Stories

As a user, I want to be able to:
* view informational content on how to properly use the program.
* book a new appointment with valid details.
   * enter a detail and have it validated before moving onto the next one.
   * confirm all the details before making the booking.
* view all appointments booked for the current date.
* search for appointments under a specific name and view them.
* search for appointments pertaining to a specific date and view them.
* cancel a specific appointment.



## Features

## Technologies used

## Python Packages

## Testing

## Deployment and Development

## Credits

## Acknowledgements

Commit message:

Add flowchart to README.md

README.md, after:

# Doctor's Diary

Doctor's Diary is a CLI data automation program designed to run on a mock terminal in Heroku. The program is aimed at helping a small medical practice manage and keep track of patient appointments.

## Purpose

The purpose of this program is to make appointment booking and record tracking easier and faster for the user. It provides the ability to input data that has been validated and retrieve specific data upon request. It is intended to enable the user to easily create, delete and view specific records. 

This program is developed to demonstrate competency in python programming and is purely for educational purposes.

## User Experience

### Project Goals

As the site owner, I want the program to:
* provide information on how to use it.
* be easy to navigate.
* provide feedback or a response to the user when they perform a task or action.
* provide the user with the ability to perform tasks relative to the program's purpose.

### User Stories

As a user, I want to be able to:
* view informational content on how to properly use the program.
* book a new appointment with valid details.
   * enter a detail and have it validated before moving onto the next one.
   * confirm all the details before making the booking.
* view all appointments booked for the current date.
* search for appointments under a specific name and view them.
* search for appointments pertaining to a specific date and view them.
* cancel a specific appointment.

### Program flowchart

During the planning stages, I created a basic flowchart of how I wanted the program to work and interact.
The flowchart was created using [Lucidchart](https://www.lucidchart.com/pages/).

![flowchart-screenshot](readme-images/doctor-diary-flowchart.png)

## Features

## Technologies used

## Python Packages

## Testing

## Deployment and Development

## Credits

## Acknowledgements
